Update check action (#25)
turbot/steampipe-action-check: README.md

<img src="images/example_annotations.png" width="80%" />

For a list of IaC mods offered by Turbot, please see [IaC mods](https://hub.steampipe.io/mods?categories=iac)

> NOTE: In order to create the annotations, you may need to ensure that the GitHub token provided has the permissions to write under `Settings -> Actions -> Workflow Permissions`, alternatively you can pass the `pull-requests: write` and `checks: write` permissions to the `job` see [job permissions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-jobs/assigning-permissions-to-jobs).

## Usage

> This action requires you set-up Steampipe in your workflow in advance of using it, the recommend approach would be to utilise the [turbot/steampipe-action-setup](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-action-setup) action, however you can set this up manually if you prefer.

> ### Basic Example

Reviewer: Can you please add 2 examples:
- One setting up a GitHub plugin connection (can probably pass the token in as part of the GitHub plugin connection) and then run some smaller benchmarks or controls from the GitHub Compliance mod
- Run some AWS CIS v2.0.0 benchmarks with AWS creds setup using [OIDC](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/use-iam-roles-to-connect-github-actions-to-actions-in-aws/). We should link to the AWS blog and provide a sample workflow showing how to use the `aws-actions/configure-aws-credentials` action, installing the AWS plugin, and then running some of the checks.

These will help highlight how this action can be used for any mod check, not just IaC mods

Author: GH example added.

Just reading through the OIDC thing to establish how this would work.

Author: Added AWS OIDC example

    with:
      mod-url: https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-kubernetes-compliance
      additional-args: "--var 'common_dimensions=[\"namespace\", \"path\", \"source_type\"]'"
```

### Comprehensive Example

```yaml
name: Kubernetes Compliance Checks
on:
  pull_request:
    types: [opened, reopened]
    branches: ["main"]
    paths:
      - k8s/*

jobs:
  k8s_compliance_checks:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      # Checkout repository
      - name: Repository Checkout
        uses: actions/checkout@v3
      # Install and configure Steampipe
      - name: Steampipe Setup
        uses: turbot/steampipe-action-setup@v1.4.0
        with:
          plugin-connections: |
            connection "k8s" {
              plugin = "kubernetes"
              manifest_file_paths  = ["k8s/*.yaml"]
              source_type = "manifest"
            }
      # Run Checks
      - name: Steampipe Checks K8s Compliance
        uses: turbot/steampipe-action-check@v0.0.1
        env:
          SP_VAR_common_dimensions: '["connection_name", "context_name", "namespace", "path", "source_type"]' # Include path dimension for annotations.
        with:

>           mod-url: https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-kubernetes-compliance # The url of the mod to clone.

Reviewer: Instead of just adding the description as comments, can you please update the comments to only be included if we need to call out something specific (like we do above the env var)? For instance, for this one, I don't think we'd need a comment

          mod-branch: main # The branch of the mod to clone, defaults to 'main'.
          checks: all # The benchmarks and/or controls to run, defaults to 'all'.
          snapshot-visibility: anyone_with_link # The visibility of snapshot to create on Turbot Pipes, default is not set to omit the snapshot creation.
          pipes-token: ${{ secrets.PIPES_TOKEN }} # A convenient way to pass in a Turbot Pipes api token for authentication for snapshots.
          artifact-exports: csv,json,html,md # Comma separated list of exportable file types to save as artifacts against the run, defaults to 'csv'.

>           github-token: gh_s0meTok3nHere # GitHub token, if set will override the default used by workflow for git/GitHub operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          github-token: ${{ secrets.MY_GITHUB_TOKEN }} # GitHub token, if set will override the default used by workflow for git/GitHub operations.
```

I think it's more common users would also store this in a secret
